{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red109\green109\blue109;\red32\green32\blue32;
\red225\green179\blue88;\red172\green172\blue172;\red149\green184\blue79;\red153\green168\blue186;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;
\csgenericrgb\c88235\c70196\c34510;\csgenericrgb\c67451\c67451\c67451;\csgenericrgb\c58431\c72157\c30980;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12260\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ======TO do list prompts======\
\
\
\
\
===== priority ======\
Good. Next. I want to make a function called priority for the to-do list function\
\
1.	you can click the task to change its priority \
2.	if there are n tasks, there are n priorities. For example, I create 5 task. There will be 5 priority ranking from priority #1 to priority #5.\
3.	Every time I delete a task, the number of the priority changes. For example, if there are 5 tasks and 5 priorities, I delete one task and then the total number of priority will be 4. \
4.	I can click the task to select its priority. For example, if there are 5 tasks, and there will be 5 priority ranking from priority #1 to priority #5. And if I choose the priority to priority#1the task will be shift to the first place. And if I choose the priority to priority#5, the task will be shift to the final/last place.\
\
Portential Bugs need to be noticed:\
\
1. Don\'92t need to show the priority #1 in the task item\
2. The function should be: user can click the task item, and it will come up options for users to click the priority. If user click priority #1 among 5 task items. This task will shift to the top of the to-do list. If user click priority #5 among 5 task items. This task will shift to the end/bottum of the to-do list.\
\
Also if there are any changes in the html code and the css code, you should notify that\
\
Modified from the below js code:\
\
\
======= \
There are bugs:\
\
1.when I create number of task, the previous n task has only n number priority. For example, I create 5 tasks, but when I click 1 it only has Priority #1 not all the Priority (Priority #1 to Priority #5)\
\
2. When there are three tasks. I can modify the third/final task by clicking the Priority #1 and Priority #2. But when I click the Priority #3. It disappear. It should be remain in the same position. Also the when I click the nth task to it nth position, for example seance task to the Priority #2, it disappear. It should be remains the position. \
	\
\
\
=====\
The previous problem exists and it cause the website Pause by adding second task item\
\
\
\
\
======\
The questions exists:\
\
1.  When there are three tasks. I can modify the third/final task by clicking the Priority #1 and Priority #2. But when I click the Priority #3. It disappear. It should be remain in the same position. Also the when I click the nth task to it nth position, for example seance task to the Priority #2, it disappear. It should be remains the position. \
\
2. When I click the task item, it comes up of nth priority, this is good. However, it forces the user to click the Priority #1 or Priority #nth to the task item. I want to specify that, when user click other space in the webpage , the function of shifting the Priority should be disappeared.\
\
===\
The program still here:\
\
After fixing to should be:
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
=======\
Okay the remaining bugs:\
\
1. I add three tasks. But when I click the first task. It shows Priority #1, Priority #2. And when I click third task item, it shows Priority #1 to Priority #4\
\
2. When I click the priority, the task is not shifting. For example, if I click third task with Priority #1, it should shift to the beginning and the rest task will shift down accordingly.\
\
\
\
======\
One small bug in the priority shifting:\
\
- I can change the priority of the first task, but still inaccurate: can\'92t shift the second priority but can shift to third and forth. \
\
\
\
\
=======\
Small bug in the priority shifting in the final task item:\
\
- when I click item 4 with a priority #3, it shift up to priority #2 for a total of 4 items. \
- specifically, when there is n items, user click the bottom item (nth item) to priority# n-1 it will shit to priority# n-2\
\
\
\
====\
Function works great for shifting down. But when shifting up, the bug exits: when user clicks nth item to n-1 priority, it will shift to n-2\
\
\
\
======\
But why there is a new error: (upside down to the previous one)\
\
Function works great for shifting up. But when shifting down, the bug exits: when user clicks nth item to n+1 (like #1 to #2) priority, it will shift to n-2 (#3)\
\
\
\
=====\
====new function====\
Now, create a new function for this to-do lists:\
\
1. the size of the task item is different based on their: priority #1 is the biggest and priority #last is the smallest. You should come up with a way to size down the task item accordingly to their priority.\
\
2. When user shift the priority, the size of the task item should change accordingly.  \
\
\
=====\
good but when the user click the priority, the size of the priority numbers should not change\
\
=====\
maybe this is a minor bug: when the  task text is larger the function of Delete item when delete button is clicked is not function well: the remove line is not parallel to the dates\
\
\
\
\
\
\
=======\
Also, I want to make a new function for this card:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 <!--  inspiration -->\
  \cf5 <div \cf6 class\cf7 ="card"\cf5 >\
    <div \cf6 class\cf7 ="card-title"\cf5 ><h2>\cf8 Ideas & Words\cf5 </h2></div>\
     <p>\
       \cf8 "Don't use your energy to worry. Use your energy to believe, create, trust, grow, manifest, and heal."\
     \cf5 </p>\
  </div>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
requirements:\
\
1. Make it easy to input the additional text of sentence. User could use the bar to input. The input bar should be long and clear for the user to input\
\
2. After inputing the text. The text should be added to the additional line with padding of the pervious text\
\
3. It looks like the to-do list we created but without the complete function, you can go back to use the function created before\
\
4. User can drag the sentence up and down to the appropriate location. That might be the difficult part.\
\
\
====\
now add a remove function for the input text:\
\
1. when user double click the text, will have the option to delete\
\
=====\
modify:\
\
1. When user double click it, they can edit the whole text\
\
2. When user double click it, they have the option to click the box \'93delete\'94 to remove the text\
\
\
===\
1. Notice that the box \'93delete\'94  will come up when user double clicks \
2. When user double click to modify the text, they can click to the specific location/place of the text (be more user friendly)\
\
\
\
\
====\
It has bug:\
\
1. after Double clicking, the box appear, when user click it, it has no effect\
\
2.the box icon for removing hould be cross \'93x\'94\
\
3.the text and the text entering bar is too crowded \
\
\
===\
I think you misundersatnind:\
\
1. The cross icon is for removing the whole idea text\
\
2. When user double clicks: they have two option: 1. To edit the text (if they finish editing, they can click the empty space for finishing) 2. They can also click the cross icon \'93x\'94 for deleting the whole text\
\
\
===\
499 x 44\
\
also:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Input bar\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. Make it the shape like google search circle on the corner \
2. Located in the center\
\
Input bar text:\
 1. larger \
2. With right space \
\
Cross icon:\
1. Larger\
\
\
\
===== local to  internet======\
\
Few bugs need to to be fix:\
\
1. The function of ideas input / container change not be shared by the others: only the local user can watch their ideas input the others from the internet don\'92t. Remember this cite page can be accessed by the other\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
===========\
\
\
}